chore(snapshots): documentation clarification (#1734)
base/docs: docs/base-chain/node-operators/snapshots.mdx

Using a snapshot significantly reduces the initial time required to sync a Base node. Snapshots are updated regularly.

> <Note>

Reviewer: I'd say remove this and just wait to publish this docs update once the UI is live so we can point straight to it within this page

Base's `--full` snapshot uses a 31-day rolling retention window instead. If a smaller storage footprint is preferred, you can override `reth.toml` to match the 10,064-block preset.

</Accordion>

> <Accordion title="I'm seeing: Archive extracted, but output verification failed. How'd I fix this?">

Reviewer: Remove the "How'd I. fix this?"

Base's `--full` snapshot uses a 31-day rolling retention window instead. If a smaller storage footprint is preferred, you can override `reth.toml` to match the 10,064-block preset.

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="I'm seeing: Archive extracted, but output verification failed. How'd I fix this?">

> Please interrupt the download command and re-run it. The download is idempotent, so it wont redownload everything it has already downloaded. This is caused due to a newer snapshot being uploaded during the time your download is happening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is caused due to a newer snapshot being uploaded during the time your download is happening. Please interrupt the download command and re-run it. 

Note: The download is idempotent, so it will not re-download files that have already been downloaded; it will only fetch the diff.
```
